Wow!
You saw it yourselves!
You saw it,
what I was talking about!
The Lord's menagerie
sure is diverse, isn't it?
What familiar parasitic words
resonated there -
There was -
reproduction
What is reproduction?
It's just expansion
Expansion, in turn, means
growth, you know
Sometimes I feel like
the basis of the whole world is just growth
You see - everything has to keep
getting bigger, more beautiful, more expensive
Better, more costly
But at whose expense,
my friends?
At whose expense?
No one talks about that
Every aspect of life is squeezed
into the growth curve
Then the masses see that everything
is moving uphill
That's when a person
is happy!
Then they consume!
The whole machinery
turns a profit
Honestly, I don't want to start bashing capitalism
right here
Honestly! I'm not
a socialist
As far as I'm concerned, all these isms
can go wherever!
Honestly!
They may look different, but in reality,
they all have the same goal
Keeping the masses
in check
Like pieces
on a chessboard
The only problem is,
there's no opposing player
Nature doesn't engage in such
strategy and outsmarting games
Nature's only
principle is...
Balance!
Exactly! Balance!
Humanity senses weakness in this,
which it can exploit
You all know
"The Matrix" movie, right?
There was a character -
Agent Smith
What did he say?
He said it very
aptly
That human activity most closely resembles the life cycle
of a virus in the natural world
It spreads, conquers,
and takes
Ruthlessly, until an oasis
becomes a desert
And now we've
come this far
It's long past midnight,
the carriage is turning into a pumpkin
Honestly -
I believe our biggest enemy
is the lack of education and knowledge
Think about how many people in the world
still, especially those in high positions,
Deny human-induced
climate change
Or even try to prove that
these changes aren't that bad
Changes aren't bad?
That's the talk of a madman!
Such talk can only be made by a person
living a comfortable life
With central heating and
an air-conditioned apartment
Not fighting for their life in areas
of wildfires,
Floods, or
landslides
You see -
it's a complete blind game
Instead of thinking,
there's constant emotionalization
Oh, the lamentation around
drinking straws is just heartbreaking
Some ladies are ready to go on hunger strikes
because of plastic cups
"Oh, dear God, help!
What's going to happen now?
I have to start washing glasses?
Oh dear!"
Yup, dear lady!
A technological solution has long been
devised for that
New dishwashers use much
less water than you splashing it at the sink
I understand that our fight
will be difficult
Because irrationality is thriving
on the other side
It's very easy to use all sorts of
Twitter tweets on these topics
To claim that without gasoline,
society collapses
That wind turbines
kill migratory birds
But we must read scientific
research
We must trust facts,
not live in wishful thinking
Of course, the truth is that as a species,
we must give up many comforts
Humans can do with much less
than what they've indulged themselves with
Honestly - we here
are not crazy
No! We're not heading to the Louvre
with a jar of soup to fight climate change
No! We're not sticking ourselves
to the highway asphalt. No!
We educate, educate,
and educate again
Moderately, with reasoning,
because repetition leads to victory
Believe me!